{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14260\viewh10460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Note to Grader:\
\
Hello, \
\
As I\'92m sure you can see from the report, I could not get the apriori function working in R or in Python. I originally started working in R, but came across multiple errors when trying to implement apriori. I tried multiple different packages in order to one hot encode the data, until coming across dppyl, which ended up giving errors in R for apriori saying that the data needed to be discretized. I ended up finding suggestions online to write it as a csv and then re-read it. I tried this and got zero association rules no matter how low the threshold was. \
Not being able to figure out the solution in R, but still wanted to run some apriori, I decided to move over to Python, a software I was previously unfamiliar with. I read up on it and wrote a very similar script to the one I had in R. After many hours of debugging, I got it to run, but it ran for over two hours and then would restart in the shell and did not say why. I tried to figure out what the problem was, but with it taking so long to run any code, I never solved the problem. \
I moved back to working with R, but still struggled with the same discretization problem. From all the documentation I could find online on apriori, there was little on this matter. When I tried to use the function discretize() in arules, I continuously got errors that did not make sense. \
\
At the end of the day, I could not figure out how to implement this algorithm. I understand that this will result in a loss in points on my final grade, but I hope in writing this note that you know it was not for lack of trying or lack of understanding the problem at hand. It was completely an implementation issue that I just could not figure out. For reference, I\'92ve included both my Python and R scripts and a thorough report on the methodology. \
\
Thank you for taking the time to read this!\
\
Best,\
\
Renee Probetts }